[Music]
the scent has led the Wolves into the
forest
[Music]
the Buffalo could be anywhere around
here
[Music]
the trees make it harder for the Wolves
isolate one calf
[Music]
soon the Wolves push the Buffalo out
from the forest where they can focus on
separating one of the Buffalo from the
herd
[Music]
I can see her holding off storm and Susy
but then the third wolf appears now
she's really gonna have a tough job to
get her calf out of this predicament
the calf knows it's only chance is to
stick tight to its mother's side
[Music]
I realized the wolves are just trying to
injure the calf they don't have enough
time to kill it before the mother
Buffalo would be on them
the mother's best chance is to get back
into the shelter of the trees
[Music]
somehow the mother and calf have given
the Wolves to slip they've also found
another calf that was separated from its
mother earlier in the chase
you